SNOW-912520: release nanoarrow based connector 3.3.0b1 (#1726)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: DESCRIPTION.md

# Release Notes

- v3.3.0b1(September 13,2023)

>   - Updated arrow-nanoarrow dependency which improved error-handling of Arrow IPC stream.
>   - Aligned error experience with the GA version.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Updated arrow-nanoarrow dependency which improved error handling.
  - Aligned error experience of corrupted arrow data with the GA versions.
```
